README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Music manager application

What this application will *actually* do:
- Create multiple playlists, each playlist composed of individual songs
- Allow the user to shuffle the order of songs in the playlist, or change them manually
- Store song information, such as artist, length, album pictures, etc.
- Allows users to manually add songs, which can then be added to playlists. 
- Specifically allow users to add multiple songs to a playlist at once.
- Customizable playlist names and icons.

This project will be designed like an alternative to something like Spotify
or iTunes, for people who want to listen to music. As someone
who frequently uses Spotify, the fact that I can't add multiple
songs to a playlist at once annoys me. **Therefore**, I will make sure
that this project allows the user to do so. If I have time, I
may also attempt to make the application actually be able tp 
play songs using mp3 files, but I'm not sure about the feasibility of 
this just yet.

Commit message:

Added user stories to project proposal.

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## Music manager application

What this application will *actually* do:
- Create multiple playlists, each playlist composed of individual songs
- Allow the user to shuffle the order of songs in the playlist, or change them manually
- Store song information, such as artist, length, album pictures, lyrics etc.
- Mark songs as explicit. 
- Allows users to manually add songs, which can then be added to playlists. 
- Specifically allow users to add multiple songs to a playlist at once.
- Customizable playlist names and icons.


This project will be designed like an alternative to something like Spotify
or iTunes, for people who want to listen to music. As someone
who frequently uses Spotify, the fact that I can't add multiple
songs to a playlist at once annoys me. **Therefore**, I will make sure
that this project allows the user to do so. If I have time, I
may also attempt to make the application actually be able tp 
play songs using mp3 files, but I'm not sure about the feasibility of 
this just yet.

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to be able to view a list of all songs in my library.
- As a user, I want to be able to add individual or multiple songs to a playlist.
- As a user, I want to create multiple playlists, and give them names and icons.
- As a user, I want to change the order of songs in my playlists, either by shuffling or changing them manually.
- As a user, I want to view song information, such as lyrics, length, etc. 
- As a user, I want to be able to tell if a song is explicit without reading all the lyrics.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove songs from playlists.
- As a user, I want to view the total length of each playlist.
